# Omniscanner
Network forensic tool

## Requirements
Need WinPcap(or Npcap) and TShark installed 

For windows please install Tshark(Wireshark) using choco 

`choco install wireshark `

## Packages needed
GeoIP2 pyshark scapy 

## Install
`$ pip install geoip2  `   
`$ pip install scapy  `   
`$ pip install pyshark  `   

## Inspiration:
[1] [Psutil](https://github.com/giampaolo/psutil/)  
[2] [Python Network Scanner](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/python_penetration_testing/python_penetration_testing_network_scanner.html)  
[3] [Pcap2csv](https://github.com/vnetman/pcap2csv)  
[4] [PcapXray](https://github.com/Srinivas11789/PcapXray)  

## Instruction:
a.	Check the network information.
python Omniscanner.py [-i]
Ex:  python Omniscanner.py -i
b.	Check geographic information for a specific IP address.
python Omniscanner.py [-g] [IP address]
Ex:  python Omniscanner.py -g 202.108.22.5
c.	Scan ports
python Omniscanner.py [-s] [IP address]
Ex:  python Omniscanner.py -s 108.46.177.19
Then choose 1 of the 3 option:
[1] Input 1 to scan common ports. 
[2] Input 2 to scan a sequence of ports. 
[3] Input 3 for a single port scan.
d.	Several Ping methods
python Omniscanner.py [-p] [IP address] [-m] [method(arp/icmp/tcp/udp)] [(tcp)--port] [port]
Ex:  python Omniscanner.py -p 192.168.1.0/24 -m arp
Ex:  python Omniscanner.py -p 192.168.1.1-254 -m icmp
Ex:  python Omniscanner.py -p 192.168.1.1-254 -m tcp --port 80
Ex:  python Omniscanner.py -p 192.168.*.1-10 -m udp
e.	Capture packets and save to a pcap file every 300 packets captured. The number of packets is set to 300 default, but you set any number you want.
python Omniscanner.py [-c] [--packet] [number]
Ex:  python Omniscanner.py -c (If you do not set – packet, it will be 300)
Ex:  python Omniscanner.py -c --packet 50
f.	Transfer the pcap file to a csv file with header.
python Omniscanner.py [--pcap2csv] [The name of the file you want to transfer]
Ex:  python Omniscanner.py --pcap2csv capture-50-2020-05-11-205901.pcap
g.	Transfer the csv generated by this program to a sqlite file. 
python Omniscanner.py [--csv2sql] [The name of the file you want to transfer]
Ex:  python Omniscanner.py --csv2sql capture-50-2020-05-11-205901.csv
